welcome back to movietella
this time i'm going to treat you to a
2001 science fiction drama film called
ai artificial intelligence
in the 22nd century rising sea levels
from global warming have wiped out
coastal cities reducing the world's
population
mecca humanoid robots seemingly capable
of complex thought but lacking in
emotions have been created
in madison new jersey david a prototype
mecca child capable of experiencing love
is given to henry swinton and his wife
monica whose son martin contracted a
rare disease and has been placed in
suspended animation
monica feels uneasy with david but
eventually warms to him and activates
his imprinting protocol causing him to
have an enduring childlike love for her
david seeks to have monica express the
same love towards him
he also befriends teddy martin's robotic
teddy bear
martin is unexpectedly cured of his
disease and brought home
martin becomes jealous of david and
taunts him to perform worrisome acts
such as cutting off locks of monika's
hair while she is sleeping
at a pool party one of martin's friends
pokes david with a knife triggering his
self-protection programming
david grabs onto martin and they both
fall into the pool
martin is saved before he drowns and
henry convinces monica to return david
to his creators to be destroyed
on the way there monica has a change of
heart and spares david from destruction
by leaving him in the woods
with teddy as his only companion david
recalls the adventures of pinocchio and
decides to find the blue fairy so that
she may turn him into a real boy which
he believes will win back monica's love
david and teddy are captured by a flesh
fair where obsolete mecca are destroyed
before jeering crowds
david has nearly destroyed himself and
pleads for his life
the audience deceived by david's
realistic nature revolts and allows
david to escape alongside gigolo joe a
male prostitute mecca on the run from
authorities after being framed for
murder
david teddy and joe go to the decadent
resort town of rouge city where dr no a
holographic answer engine directs them
to the top of rockefeller center in the
flooded ruins of manhattan and has also
provided fairytale information
interpreted by david as suggesting that
a blue fairy has the power to help him
above the ruins of manhattan david meets
professor hobby his creator who tells
him that their meeting demonstrates
david's ability to love and desire
david finds many copies of himself
including a female variant darlene boxed
and ready to be shipped
disheartened by his lost sense of
individuality david attempts suicide by
falling from a skyscraper into the ocean
while underwater david catches sight of
a figure resembling the blue fairy
before joe rescues him in an amphibious
aircraft
before david can explain joe is captured
via electromagnet by authorities
david and teddy take control of the
aircraft to see the ferry which turns
out to be a statue from an attraction on
coney island
the two become trapped when the wonder
wheel falls on their vehicle
believing the blue fairy to be real
david asks the statue to turn him into a
real boy and repeats this request until
his internal power source is depleted
two thousand years later humans are
extinct in manhattan as buried under
glacial ice
the mecca have evolved into an advanced
form and a group of them called the
specialists have become interested in
learning about humanity
they find and revive david and teddy
david walks to the frozen blue fairy
statue which collapses when he touches
it
the specialists reconstruct the swinton
family home from david's memories and
explain to him via an interactive image
of the blue fairy that it is impossible
to make david a real boy
however at david's insistence they use
their scientific knowledge to recreate
monica through genetic material from the
strand of hair that teddy kept
this monika can live for only one day
and the process cannot be repeated
david spends his happiest day with
monica and as she falls asleep in the
evening she tells david that she has
always loved him the everlasting moment
he had been waiting for the narrator
says david falls asleep as well and goes
to that place where dreams are born
if you enjoyed this video help me grow
my channel by subscribing